{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red69\green60\blue204;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c34510\c33725\c83922;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hi Carol
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 It is generally fine.\'a0 A few comments
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 We don\'92t put the show rules in the catalogues usually only in the schedule.
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 We give best in section awards for kittens they need to go in.\'a0 I have attached the cat text from the Royal last year as an example.
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 We don\'92t divide Manx into pattern groups.\'a0 We never see them.
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \ul \ulc2 Companion Group
\f1\fs32 \ulnone \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 We divide into:
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Household pets: pedigree kittens/ cats with faults
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Companion: domestic kittens/cats
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Kittens get Best in Sections
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Cats get challenges
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Household pets are listed first see attached catalogue text.
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Denise
\f1\fs32 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 From: Carol Cootes <bindura@bigpond.com>\
Subject: cat program\
Date: 5 June 2016 at 6:21:41 PM AEST\
To: John Sandercock <john@feanor.com.au>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hi John\
I have been meaning to send you some information about what we need for the our shows.\
may have forgotten things but if i had you can remind me:)\
You will both have to try to get to Canberra next year as we are celebrating our 35th Show and also we would like to do something for the 50 years of the Birmans coming to Australia.\
Hope you are all nice and dry from the rain. We have had rain since Friday night and we are fine. The cats are all fine, bit of rain getting in but they are dry.\
look forward to catching up with you both next weekend. I gather you both may be working, I have put my hand up again. Dont know why I do it but it can be boring sitting around waiting after all the judging has been completed.\
I spoke to Denise White our CCI head person.\
\
She said 12 weeks old age for kittens, 9 months and 1 day like you explained to me is fine as well.\
We put our titled cats in Longhair and Shorthair in the open section but only our titled cats get a CCCA award. On the old DOS program it asks if they are titled and it puts them into apart of the catalogue at the end of the group for the judges slips to be printed out just with the numbers of the titled cats.\
Our club also does top 10 exhibits overall and if we put that in it prints our a judges slip to indicate that.\
\
We dont do agouti or non agouti. We work them as patched, patterned, solid and silver. \
\
if I want to put in the titles on the parents there is room for me to do that. I know you dont have the titles of the parents in the catalogue.\
\
Sometimes I help out a club doing their show entries and they have 10 week old kittens, male and females separately, kittens desexed separate to entire kittens.\
\
Could that be done in case I am asked. I have done a few shows but last \'a0year I had too much happening and I have said no this \'a0year as I am enjoying my break.\
\
Denise was very impressed with the catalogue. She was happy for me to be able to use your program when doing our shows.\
It allows if I only want to do a specialist show as I do the all breeds show and then redo for the specialist show. I thought I would be clever enough to do input for the shows on two separate computers. But I sort of run out of time but just putting in the cats pedigrees etc II know will save so much work for the future inputting of shows. Not having to do all the typing of the cats names, etc.\
\
what do you do for the exhibitor list. we have a section of in what we use now.\
\
thanks \'a0and see you in 6 more sleeps. how is your lovely choc tortie girl growing\
Carol\
\
}